Update README.md (#1105)
nanoframework/Home: README.md

Each of the following ZIP files contains the image files for nanoBooter and nanoCLR in various formats (HEX, BIN and DFU). They should be flashed in the target boards using an appropriate software utility.

The **stable** versions are continuous builds of the reference targets. They include the latest version of all features and bug corrections. They also have **managed** debugging features enabled along with detailed error messages, but exclude **native** debugging features and only minimal (or no) error messages.

> For native debugging, please download the firmware and compile locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For native debugging, please download the [nf-interpreter](https://github.com/nanoframework/nf-interpreter) repository and build locally.
```
